well guys the last couple weeks have
been really great with super fan the
boxing was great the Golf was great but
we're I think we're missing a piece here
we're not getting to the heart of the
women in the church and so I have set up
an appointment for you guys across town
giving you the information and stuff
that you need to bring it over but you
need to get on over there now time is of
the essence have fun thanks
everybody to the cold stop drop and
Rumble divide and do the ego everybody
the eagle goes up to the eagle stop
everybody see the evil number everybody
eat your humble okay wait start over
everybody do the eagle everybody do the
ego run full stop rock man i'm so
frustrated I'll never be a good
cheerleader let the squad down they were
counting on me such a failure
and I'm glad that's over with and that
was humiliating terrible you know I
thought it was kind of fun